Modify S3257: Migrate to LayC (#3267)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3257/csharp/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> In C#, the type of a variable can be inferred by the compiler at compile time. This is done using the `var` keyword. The use of `var` allows you to not repeat a type name in a variable declaration and object instantiation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In C#, the type of a variable can often be inferred by the compiler. The use of the [var keyword](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/implicitly-typed-local-variables) allows you to avoid repeating the type name in a variable declaration and object instantiation because the declared type can often be inferred by the compiler.
```

I changed this for two reasons:
1. Type inference doesn't only happen when you use the var keyword, e.g. also when passing parameters to methods.
2. The compiler can't always infer the type (hence I added the word _often_), e.g. you'd get an error for this declaration: `var x = null;`
